Music
Kiss me, I'm Monday
From beautiful uptown Burbank
Harmontown is now in session
Please welcome to the stage your Game Master
Extraordinaire, Spencer Frenchman
Music
What you got in that bag
Also your Mayor of Harmontown, you know him
His name is Dan Harmon
Music
Yo, yo, yo, yo
Wrapping to the flow
Wrapping to the beat
Wrapping all night
Gonna eat some meat
Then some veggies
What can I say?
I like a full plate
All day
My name's Mr. Eating
I'm made of a mouth
And a stomach
I like to eat things with the former
And swallow them down to the latter
Fuck your mom so hard
Then her pussy turned into pancake batter
Put it in a pan
Turned it into discs
Aided down with a swish of red wine
Cause I'm a functional alcoholic
In the morning, I'm calling you
For brunch
For a lady or two
Mimosas?
Yeah
Samosas?
No
That's Indian
Alright
Welcome to Harmontown
Uh
Is it me, Dan?
Are you getting better at freestyle?
I think you're finding your flow
I think I'm getting worse at freestyle
I think I'm getting better at
Focusing in on the 90 words
That rhyme with each other
Maybe Eminem feels the same way
No, he doesn't
Cause he'll say
Still your mom is Acura
Wrecked it, gave it back to her
You don't know that Acura
Rimes with back to her
Unless you're a true rapper
Like, I'm just thinking
I just learned to stay away from the word
Not in a tempo
Just rhyme
Be Eminem for a minute
And just try to freestyle rhymes for Acura
That are kind of loosely rhyming
I don't know, it's got bacula
Yeah, that's great
Sure, guys
I mean, obviously
So you can do it
You have that muscle too
Now let's hit that beat again
Put that beat back up
Now just let it
So just be phonetic
Just think phonetically
No, we'll just do better
Just be real good to true rhymes
So you guys, you have my best interest
Absolutely
Like, you know, this isn't some kind of side show
No, that's not true at all
I'm supporting you right now
In order for me to be better at what I do
And to feel better about myself
You guys want me to just do another rap
No, no, no
We're trying to ruin you
We're trying to destroy your career tonight
Through rap
Spencer and I have been waiting
Three and a half years for this very moment
To take you down
Tonight is the night
Let's just, Joe, come on
Give me a beat
Yo
Whoa
Go
Yo
Up and down
The snow blow
Yo
In the driveway
Gonna fuck your mama
Gonna do it the right way
See, I can't
Yeah, you did it
The right way in the right way
You did?
Yeah
That's the same thing
It's the same thing I was doing before
But you said that after you had Scott Bakula
Right way, right way
We got a big show tonight
We got a lot of guests
We got a lot of old friends
We got better shit to do than to fuck with me
No one's fucking with you, Dan
We're here to support you
Maybe I've been drinking
The only topic that I have to address tonight
Is I want to talk about prostate massage
Thank God
So if you think that we can get
Through everything else we have to do tonight
And still address it
Why don't we get that out of the way
Let's leave the prostate massage
And then we'll bring our guests up
We're gonna need a lot of time for this
Are you saying do we want the guests on stage
For this prostate massage conversation?
Well, I guess I'll
Let's bring up Rob Schrab
Rob Schrab
I'm not saying he's the prostate massage of guests
Or that he's an expert in it
Hello
Oh, yeah
We got beard growing Schrab
Always a pleasure
Is it my Logan phase?
Like it
Jealous
Jealous of its lustrousness
What phase is Jeff going through?
You got a haircut
Yeah, I'm going through my haircut phase
You're a guy, Pierce
I'm going through my L.A. confidential
Like 5 and under phase
Alright, well if you're a fan of mine
And you are
One of the things that you know about me
Is that once in the late 90s
I experimented having heard about
The stimulation of the prostate
As an extra option
At the country buffet of jerking off
I took a Sharpie pen
And put the non-cap end up my rectum
While jerking off
Which I usually do on my knees anyway
So I was kneeling on a pen
And kind of like moving it around
And it did feel a little extra good
And I came the way I usually do
Through my penis
And then I never
That was the last time I did it
Because then I had come
And I was kneeling on my bed
With a pen up my ass
And I had to get pulled out
Was there a mirror in front of you?
No, that's not something that I think
Would ever add for me to the sexual experience
Well, I don't think you would put it there
On purpose
There I am
There you are, air wolf
But so I always thought of it like
Okay, guys have assholes
Women have assholes
True
Everyone has an asshole
And that guys, because they're homophobic
Assholes are Mars, vaginas are Venus, I think
That guys, because they're homophobic
We just associate, we've been socialized
To not be like, what are you doing with my butthole?
And then other people would be like
No, there's just as many nerve endings up there
As there is in the outside of your dick
Or the pussy
Like whatever, it's all science
And I've been content to be like
Yeah, I'm not interested in anal things or anything
But the, so here, I just typed it in
And I don't know why
Because I remember a conversation with a friend of mine
Who, no, well there was, that was the first
Prostate conversation I ever had was with a Schrab
Put a pin in that
I'll put a sharpie in that
I remember a writer on one of my empire's shows
Going like, well have you ever had your prostate milked?
And I went, no
And he's like, yeah I did that with so and so
His girlfriend
And so they, you know
And then he described this thing
And it was like, you said prostate milk
So I'm not gonna, I'm just gonna support you
And I'll think about it later
So then I googled it
So your prostate is a, first of all
Women don't have them, did you know that?
No
Yeah, I did
I just found that out
Pretty, pretty sure
I guess I figured that out in my head
They don't die of prostate cancer
They never do
Well you know what the prostate does, right?
Well it does, it's the muscle
It's the pump on the aquarium
I mean it puts the pee out
It releases for the pee to come out
And then it pumps your, a third of your
It does the whole pumping motion
Of everything that makes everything go out
And it also provides as a gland
A third of the total
Seminal fluid
Ingredients of seminal fluid
Hell yeah
So apparently the prostate
But it builds shit up
But I don't know if these are websites
That are just selling you
Spamware
Anal tools
And dressing the whole
Cause they're all kind of geocities looking
And there's like a gift of a nurse
Like going like, yeah this is important for you
Are these sponsored ads that you're reading?
Like
I don't know how I got it
I think I typed prostate milking into Google
And then I started surfing
As the kids call it
Image search
On the reg
And what the people that would
Keep in mind these are people who are selling you
Things that you put in your butt
So they want you to put something in your butt
I don't know, they might be on the side of
It's in their best interest that you do
That you put something in your butt
Right
So they're gonna say
Run by big butt stuff
Big butt stuff
But apparently I never
When I put the Sharpie in my butt
I wasn't doing it right
Because you can go to reddits
Where people are talking about
The prostate orgasm
Like the milky prostate
Like you put something in your butt
Right
And you wiggle it around the right way
You like massage the prostate
From the inside of your butt hole
And eventually you'll have an almost
To a guy
What feels like an involuntary
Shuddering orgasm
Right
That has nothing to do with
When you do the other thing
It's like a different thing
Where you're like whoa
And there's like an earthquake
And then there's guys on subreddits
Going like trust me
Like I get it
You don't want to put a thing in your butt
But you show
Guys
And I just am 45 years old
And I just encountered it
Should we make podcast history right now?
Well I think we need
We'll make podcast history next week
When you said earlier
That when you put the sharpie
In your butt
Did you
And you said you did it wrong
Well just I
What's the right way to stick a sharpie
In your butt
Right that's what I was pushing back against
You did it just fine
Don't worry
Well no I did everything
As long as you didn't hurt yourself
Everyone that does something
Does something just fine
Well you came didn't you
The sharpie wasn't designed to milk your prostate
When guys are talking about putting stuff
In their butts
They're not just saying
Oh there's a hole there that feels good
When you stick stuff in it
That there's also a thing
There's a G spot in there
But let's not rush too quickly past
You can like rub
It's great to put stuff in your butt
Sure
Everyone loves it
It's great to put stuff in your ear too
You don't need to milk nothing
To just shove a bunch of shit up your ass
It's great to let your cat outside
But you're not supposed to do that
It's great to have a milk shake
For dinner
Yeah
I mean look
Where's this Russia
You're going through some shit
I add ice cream and apple pie
For breakfast
Oh boy
What if that was the end of the podcast
We just actually
It was the first
Great if we had credits to roll
Is the end of the podcast
Rob are you lying
Or did you really have that
No I ate it
Why would you make that up
And then do that mic drop
Both
Like vegan ice cream
And vegan cake
Both got in from Whole Foods
Where they sell the whole food
Like if you wanted to get 2% of milk
They would just give you the whole milk
If you wanted to get half a sandwich
They would say no
You have to take the whole sandwich
If you wanted to have
You know like
What if
You're like Reese's Pieces
No
You have to have the whole Reese
This is Whole Foods
We don't have pieces or halves
Or 2% of anything here
You want grapes
Sure
That's the gimmick of the story
Is that their only milk is 100% milk
Yeah
It's the Whole Foods
So if you
Let's say I walked into Whole Foods
And said I need some half and half
No
Go across the street
And have two gallons of it
And you can mix them together
Yeah
In one gallon
Because we're going to give you
Whole milk
I have to take one half
Can I buy the one half of the one part of it
And the other half of the other part of it
I'll have to talk to my manager
That is highly unorthodox
It's called being a fur trapper
That's what the story would become
It would become a trading post
Where a guy draped in fur
Was like what do you want
You wanted a cow udder filled with
Everything milk has in it
Before you remove some
Or would you like a shoe made out of a log
Because a shoe is what is that
That's just a peered down log
Your plan is bullshit
Whatever you want
You can't have it
It's not how it works
So you see the prostate is like a plum sized
Like growth
Plum?
Well not a growth
It's like a plum
They say it's the size of a plum
That if you put something in your butt
Like a finger
Like your own finger
You can reach up toward your belly button
And you can feel something
The size of a plum
I'm sure you can feel all sorts of stuff
And they say don't rub the middle of it
Don't rub the middle of it
Rub each clove
Rub each like
Chemistry
Like don't rub the middle
The middle hurts more than it does anything
It's got lobes
The idea is that you get your prostate
It's more than a muscle
It's like a factory
It's making a third of your cum
It's mostly a factor
I'm surprised like the way that you know it is this
Urine pump is very strange to me
I don't want to use this card
But I grew up in the 80s brother
It's always interesting to pump
All we had to know
Spencer when I was your age
You know what we had to know
Who forms the head in Voltron
That's what we had to know
The yellow lion probably
Whatever
You know why don't you shoot up a school
I thought of it
Alright alright
Why don't the rest of you put it on the comment card
Okay alright
No that's good
I was saying that his generation
You can't say that that came out of me
I was accusing him of it
Yeah
Who do you think was
Who do you think was the Christopher Columbus
Of
Frostate Massage
Well remember you told me
You gotta try it
That when you rub the
Your taint
It like
What it doesn't what
Now I just do it
25 years of coming
And now I just my hand goes there
Because Rob Schrab told me something once
Please don't be thinking about that
While you're doing it
Oh yeah
I'm masturbating
I don't do it anymore
I have one story about this
But I feel weird telling it
Because church is sitting right there
Oh don't say it
She's not listening
Church do you want to step inside
Church didn't do it
This is like from when I was 19
Oh to be cool there I didn't think the church did it
Yeah
There was a girl
When I was like 22
She stood up in there with her finger
And did something I don't know what she did
I couldn't describe if there was lobes
Or clothes or whatever the flimflam
But all I know is I came
For three days
Like a laser beam
Wait for three days
It was not like a regular pulsing guy
Orgasm
It was just this
Like
The death star blowing up
Alderaan
The beam of orgasm
She went up there
And found this magic button
Of my butthole
I never knew there were different things
Look you seem exasperated
Which is insane
I was holding my breath for a while
And I breathed
You want to talk
No I didn't
I had nothing to say
What am I doing wrong
Dan
You want me to change the lighting
What am I doing wrong
How can I make you seem crazy
You were acting crazy
You were like gaspings
No I'm not even
He was like
This is not how prostate touching should be
And I'm about to explain what it should be
Thank you
I threw you under the bus and pretended you were a clone
I picked up that signal from him
I thought he had something to say about it
How much stuff have you ever put in your butt
To what effect
Well I told you about the time
When the doctor put the thing in my butt
When I was asleep
I woke up
In the middle of it
They were making fun of you
No they weren't
I pretended to be asleep though
And they were making fun
Dan
You're misremembering
I pretended to be asleep
So I could
Find out
If they were making fun of me
And they never did
But then somebody sent
All of us like
Man records on his phone
The doctor is making fun of him
While he's asleep
Three Rob Schrab stories
Back to back
This is for the people who haven't just finished
Listening to 350 episodes
In a row
But if this is your first time here
Pretend there's a snow storm
Why Rob Schrab
Here's the three best Rob Schrab stories in the world
First one is
Schrab
There was a
Let's start with that one so people don't think I'm insane
You're just saying
Like
You're leaving me
I don't know what we're grabbing
You're pointing
I don't know what that means
I'm sorry
But Schrab
There's this song called Space Oddity
Was that the 80s song coming Major Tom
Are you receiving?
Major Tom
Or not Space Oddity
It's called Major Tom
5, 3, 2, 1
Yes
I've told this story before
There's a verse in the song
When the astronaut
Is drifting into space
And he goes
And then they go across the stratosphere
The signal comes in
And this is Major Tom
Communicating to ground control
He goes
Give my wife my love
Then nothing more
And that's the dramatic point where
They lose contact with Major Tom
And Schrab
Thought that there was Major Tom
Saying don't fuck my wife
Yeah
Give my wife my love
Not yours
Jeremy
Give my wife my love
And leave it at that Kyle
No more
Just give her the message
And take her home
Okay, you know
And then there's a Diet Coke one
That I told a thousand times
Where the guy on the set
Of Heat Vision of Jack
The medical guy is talking to us
And Schrab goes I'm drinking too much
I gotta stop drinking so much Diet Coke
And the medical guy goes
Yeah, well you know it makes your dick soft
And Schrab goes really?
And the guy's like
Well, yeah
A study show
Yeah, it does, it makes your dick soft
Just so you know, and Schrab goes
Would he just pour it over it?
And it wasn't
I'm not telling stories about funny jokes
No, no, no
I'm telling stories about the moment
See, this is a different fucking world
You're putting it up already
It makes your dick soft
And I said, you mean like silk?
Yeah, like velvet, like no, yeah
If you just pour it over it, it's just become like
Velvet, yeah, no, you're right
I said silk, you're adding velvet
And changing the story
Which is softer you guys think?
Silk or velvet?
It's fucking silk, man
Silk
Why did I launch into the
You said you had a third one
It was a trilogy that you just like
Sorry, it's good
I don't know
It doesn't matter
I'm just
I just think it's funny that
After all this time it turns out
If you stick a finger up your ass
You have a different kind of
Orgasm
It has nothing to do with your other orgasm
Are you going to explore this at home?
I don't know about that
I'll update my podcast audiences
I always have
Sounds to me that if
It was as good as you're claiming to be
You would do it again
You don't know
No, I'm saying like when I did it with the Sharpie
I didn't do
I didn't do the thing that they
I thought you said you just recently
No, I didn't do, I was reading about it
Go to the pleasure chest in West Hollywood
And go into the toy room
And talk to the people that work there
And say, hey, I've heard about this
Prostate thing for a gentleman
What's the story on that?
And they will walk you into a little chamber
Of like, or down an aisle
And they go, this is the stuff
That
You or your partner can put up your
Butthole and it's going to make you come to
Jeff, I don't want to cut you off there
But if we're going to talk to anybody about this
We should bring up DeMorge Brown
Oh, yeah
DeMorge Brown for the Butthole segment
It's time to go deep
First let's just talk about
The world's greatest intros
Throughout history
Okay, Jesus
Entering on a donkey
Palm Sunday, right?
That was a good intro
Elvis parachuting into
The Rose Bowl
DeMorge Brown
Being announced on Harmontown
In association with
Anal stimulation
Darth Vader
Coming through the door
In a new hope
Demorge, that's all of them
Any booty fun stories for us?
Only that
Things that I've heard
That's about it
What if you heard Demorge?
That's probably planned
I'd rather hear what you've heard
It's only going to get better
If you go like, well
I heard a rumor
Good
I don't know
I have friends
It comes up in conversation
They talk about it
I have no idea what you're talking about
But then they spill their guts
Name one gut spilled
Yeah
It's not supposed to work like that
I'm just saying
You don't have to tell us about
The
Tell us the real thing
It's very real
Tell us the one story
That made you go
What, man?
When was the last time somebody told you
Like a butt story
That made you go
What the
What are you talking about, man?
Or just tell any stories that made you have that reaction
It doesn't have to be about my stuff
Any story that made you go
What are you talking about?
Alright, I get it
You kind of minor a world star sort of thing
There was this story
The thing in part was because I was 17
I think when I heard it
But there was a friend of ours
Who's older brother went to college
And
He came back
One Thanksgiving I think
And had a story about a formal
He's formal dances where
The women would
The guy would ask a girl or a girl would ask a guy out
Depending on who was the host of the party
And the idea was
You would meet and have wine and cheese and crackers
And do whatever
And then all hop on a chartered coach
To go to a resort somewhere for a big party
That involved a dinner
With several forks and knives
This is a story about butt sex
Oh, it's getting there
You're doing a good job perfectly
This is a classier lead up to a butt fun story
And the toast master comes down
You brought me up here
You're doing everything right
Everyone fucked up but me
So
This is a story
And he's probably 19
Talking to 17 year olds
And he's only talking to me and my friend
He kicked everybody else out of the room
And he says I don't know
And also made the guy
My friend almost signed a blood contract
Not to tell mom and dad
But he said that
He went on a date
Or was asked by this girl
To a formal
And he goes to the formal
To the party
Talks about a bunch of the idiots there
Trying to chat him up
And see if he has the qualities
To work in finance or whatever
Older guys
They all get in a charter
They go to the thing
The girl's very nice
The conversation is awesome
That's our
Very tone deaf
Fully guy
He doesn't have an expansive library
And he doesn't have very good timing
Am I still going with it?
We're two realities
Deep where people get on a charter
Or is it that it doesn't
The story came from
Where you had to go on a plane to get to the
No, not a charter plane, a charter bus
These are college students
But the way you met the guy
That's telling the story is you were on a plane
No, I'm his little brother's friend
And he comes back from Thanksgiving
To tell us a story
And he's saying
He's kicked everybody out of the room
Except us at this party
And he's saying here's what college is like
That was the funny thing about what he was saying
He's telling the story and he just said
That he went with this girl
They had a great time at dinner
They both got liquored up
They both decided to leave before the charter was going back
Got a tax or something to take them back
And she takes them back to his room
And people do, they get down
So to speak
And the guy wakes up the next day
At daylight
Just as a crack of daylight
And realizes that he's
Covered in excrement
His entire, like everything
Oh boy
And he doesn't know what to do
So he sort of gently
Wakes the girl up and she says
Oh my god, I have something to tell you
But we got to deal with this first
To them, they're the only ones awake at this point
And they go through this sort of like
Horrific Swiss family Robinson thing
Of like taking each piece
And figuring out a way to get rid of it
The mattress had to go out
Wait a minute, so where did they go?
They went back to her place
Obviously, roommate
Yes
Well, it's a non-linear story
The protagonist also doesn't know what you don't know
You're asking questions that he's going to answer
But at the time I didn't
Right
It's a non-linear story
It's not linear
It was non-linear and I was confused
Oh, I'm sorry
You just interrupted
A non-linear story
He's a fish
Let him fucking craft his web
We know he's a fish
The bottom line is this
That everything was cool at the end of it
But they had to
She had to tell him after they got everything settled
They had to clean up
I have so many questions
Who's poop was it?
Was it his or somebody else's?
It was hers
She has to tell him
That she discovered
In high school that she had a natural reaction
To specifically what you were talking about
Which is that
She has this sort of super orgasm
But then
Her body vents itself
Evacuates itself
Maybe she should have led with that
Maybe she should have said
Hey, just so you know
Don't freak out
I didn't ask to come up here, man
I might shit all over you
The bed, the living room
I might sleep in it too
I have to get rid of the bed
He was saying the girl should have led with that
He wasn't saying you should have led with that
I was trying to
He fucked this chick
She pooped her
She came so hard
He fucked the shit out of her
They had to
They immediately went to sleep
Good night everyone
You gotta be pretty tired
I'll say
We have to be pretty tired
To go to sleep
Both people
Like she didn't go
Oh god I just shat all over his
His dick, his balls, his stomach
His neck
And his
Cheats and everything
But I'm just
Just a little sleepy
I'm just gonna
Not off right now
Namaste
Can we at least
Drop $50 on an actual
Soundboard or something
Like this
I know
I'm a man of the people
It's just
The sounds are
They raise more questions
Than they answer
Sounds like your complaints are unpopular
It does
But please continue
It's just like he does this
Farting one and I'm like
Crinkling a
Gatorade bottle
Like it doesn't sound like fart
And it's like
See what's this
It's just a mud slide
This is a train in a windstorm
His soundboard is 9
Muffled crowds and 3 shitty farts
It's just
It's confusing you want sound effects
To answer questions
And then every 20 presses
He has to watch an ad for a
Match 3 game
Some of those are good
Yeah
Well anyways
Men only have prostates
Women don't
And men have
They have a grape in their butt
That if you rub it the right way
There's a whole thing
And that's it
I'm content leaving this topic
Wait a minute
What's that procedure that you
When you
Were the Kalaniks
Sunday's used to be
Kalanik day for me
And I would get Kalaniks
Take it from there
And it was
At first
I was trepidatious of it
I was
Kind of
I was worried about it
Because I heard stories
About what they do there
But when I got there
And then they took care of me
It was actually
In hindsight it was pretty good
It was alright
In hindsight
You felt cleaned out
Yes, I felt great
People said
My eyes were brighter
My
The people at the facility
No, no, no
People at work were going
You look good, what are you doing
All number two
Except one time
She said
Whatever you do
Maybe two days before
You come in here
Eat something
Eat something hot
Whatever
And for some reason
I forgot I had an appointment
And I spent
All day eating french fries
Chips
She said
Eat stuff, but don't
Work hard
Don't point
A snowblower at the
Shovel
At the sidewalk
Halfway through
There's a problem
I'm getting some blockage
Which is
Which is hot
It's a turd
And anyway
I'm going
And she's being very cool
She's trying to make conversation
She's like, just breathe
You're gonna be okay
So what are you and your wife gonna do this weekend
How's your dog doing
She's okay
And I'm tapping my leg
I don't know
Man
She's like, just breathe
Okay, you're leaking a little
She's telling you that
Do you need to
Do you need to go
And I was like, see if you can breathe through it
Do you don't have that
I'm like, I can't
Okay, okay, okay
I'm gonna pull it out
Can I pause?
Sure
A lot of people listening
Want to know
What position you're in
I'm laying on my back
Laying on your back
Laying on my back
And there's a tube coming down
I start on my side
She puts a tube up my butt
And there's a tube coming down from an IV line
But what do you call it
And there's a machine with a little window
You can see all the stiff you ate
Throughout the week going by
But when it comes out of different hose
I mean
What do you mean comes out of different hose
You just said you saw stuff going by
And also she's concerned about leaking
Like isn't the whole point to leak
Well, it's supposed to
Like shoot water up your butt
And then
For a while
And then it breaks down everything
And I guess she turns it up
And it sucks it out
I didn't know that
So
To eat a bunch of french fries
Is to create a kind of dam
Of half french fry
Half
It's painful
It's palpable that this isn't going all the way up
The water is supposed to go all the way up
There's supposed to be a gopher in this hole
Yeah
We've come to an impasse
And she's saying
To you and she says
Are you going to be okay?
Do you want me to stop
She means do you want to go take a shit
Or she's saying should I run for cover
Should I
Get behind her
The story's not over yet
So anyway
And I'm like
I can't do it
I can't hold it in
I'm saying to her there's only one person in the room
No but I thought inner monologue
Inner monologue
Inner
Inner monologue I thought you said in her monologue
No
Like she did stand up while I was
During her monologue you're talking
No I'm sorry
You're saying out loud you're going
I'm having a
I can't
I think I need to go
She's like okay well
You're really leaking
Okay here we go
Walk from the table
To the toilet that's across the room
And just
Shit all over her
Shit on her, the floor
Everywhere
And then while I'm
Shitting and she's just
I'm alone I said yeah I think
I need some time alone
I don't understand
Why she's not more
Why her industry isn't more
Prepared for this
She told me not to eat french fries
That's too much
She did her job I screwed up
And she
Had a wonderful attitude about it
Because I was like
You're leaking it
Sounds like you have a dysfunction
Not oh you've been using
Your body the way a body should be used
You're leaking there's a turd halfway down
The water is hitting the turd
Early she could just
Couldn't she just tie it off
There's all this water that's already
Up in my intestine right now
I mean she could turn it off but there's still stuff up there
When she checked in with you and said
Hey something's happening
Can we get on the same page here
And like if you had said
No it's cool
She would have been like
Okay I'll just increase the pressure of the hose
Yeah I mean like what would happen
On your average day
There would be moments of oh boy
That's a part
That's a part there
That's an area that's something
We have to deal with and then I'd be like
And then she would get out
Jazz man
There's a clump of grass in there
Okay this is going to be
And then we would go through
And it would
This is the thing is like they're getting out
All the gunk and crap and shit
And awful stuff and cleaning you up
That's what I'm confused by is how they regard that
As force majeure when it happens
This is a turd in this ass
That's like the united going
Ladies and gentlemen again we do have a full flight
I don't know how it happened
I know how it happened you double booked
You work in the airline or
Ass industry
I'm on your side
My ass is supposed to suck that out
Cleanly and efficiently
What's supposed to suck?
The tube that's in my bag
Is it sucking or is it shooting?
It's doing both it's shooting water up
And then sucking it out
She turns up water for a while and then she goes
Okay I'm going to do some suction
And you go oh what is that
Onions
And then
But then there's some times where
It's too much
Where I'm like a good good good good
Where it's like oh man
You know when you're trying to hold in like
Poop and stuff
Okay so when she says it's leaking
She means
You're shitting all over my hands
She means my arm
My blouse
She means you are not being a conduit
You're a broken circuit
She's
Regretting some life choices
She's saying like there's
A lot because
I hate to acroid you
About this but the so the thing going up
Your ass is a two
It's got two tubes
An ingoing in it
I think it's a two way thing
Like an electrical cable
It's completing a circuit
Like the whole
I think I got
I feel right about this
I'm not exactly sure
I'm sure there's plenty of people
That are listening to this show
That will kindly correct me
I don't think anybody's
Still listening to this show
No no no
So
We're talking to the void right now
Except for the best people in America
She pulls it out
She pulls it out and it's just like
You know
Popping a water balloon and I'm just like
Yeah
And I'm doing this
Oh
Shit all over my hand
The floor
It looks like
I'm going to give you some time alone
Yeah I think you should
She leaves the time alone
And then she turns on
The ambient music
A little louder
She can just switch on the door
Oh what a feeling
So they will dance it on the sea
Yeah the music goes up full
And of course
I'm finishing on the toilet
And after I've washed my hands
The first thing I do is
Of course I have to text AG
And go I just shit all over
This poor woman
And he's writing back oh my god
What are you talking about
I got this
This colonic
And I ate poorly
Two days before
And it gave me some issues
Shit all over this woman
I mean that's the part I'm trying to
It's not that I don't have anything not figured out yet
I'm just sort of trying to wrap my brain around
The colonic industry
Come inside we're going to wash the inside
Of your butt out
We're going to pump warm water
Up one side we're going to suck
Everything that comes out the other side
No it's the same tube
She's water up
It's the same tube
They're moving forward
She's got a
She's in charge
This is starting to make sense
She's like Mark Twain
She's got a mechanism
She's like forward and after
There's soapy water going that way
And then she's like okay how you feeling
And you're like peachy and she goes cool
And then she's supposed to see
A certain amount of
Coming back and then what she sees
Is you know a half a pineapple
And she's like did you
Have a heavy breakfast
And you're like no you told me not to
And she's like suit yourself
This thing's a lie detector
She shoots it up forward
And then you're like okay that's not fun
And she brings it backward and there's like a wedding ring
And a wrist watch
And she's like look you had brunch
Say you had brunch
I had brunch and she's like go to the bathroom
Shit out your
Shit stuff
Before I clean your asshole rim
Okay and she threads it out
And then diarrhea explodes everywhere
All over the world
And she's like
And she goes
And she's like it's okay
And she kills herself
I never see her again
But she didn't say
She wasn't like it's okay it's okay it's normal
She wanted to impress upon you
She's been doing this for a long time
I'm sure I'm not the first time
I'm sure today was not the first time
If you ate a
As in the Stephen Wright bit
If you ate a box of Oreos
Before going to the dentist
They'd be like look
What did you do? Come on
You want to meet me halfway
And you'd be like what do you mean
You ate a box of Oreos
I want to give my money's worth
You're the expert
Yeah they changed the tube
Everybody gets the same tube
Leavey
Leavey asked from the audience
Do they change the tube?
Yeah even I'm
For those of you listening
That's diarrhea sound number
Right
I mentioned this on the
Another
Another episode
But she made it a point to say
There's the nozzle tip
There's like an adult size
And then there's a child size
I like to use the adult
A child size
On adults because it's not
As evasive
So it's the size of a small
Dick
Why do we think that
Men in America
Associate
The butthole and things going
Up it like why is that
A normal amount of American
But like
Women too
Is it an American
Butthole thing or is it a male
American
Gay thing
I think it's an American male
Gay thing. I think the worst thing
You could ever be in America
For most Americans believe this
Is to be a gay man
And we're told early on that
Gay men use the butthole
That's the joke
That you're told in
They don't have vaginas to
Use the butthole
That's the beginning of being
Othered as a kid
You're gay man
And everybody goes
We're also genuinely ashamed of jerking off
Kids that you talk to
There's different mythologies
Are kids still ashamed of jerking off?
I had to move towns
I had to change schools
The family left town
Because somebody
Caught him
And looked through the window of his house
And he was there masturbating
And his nickname became Jack Hammer
Yeah, I remember you telling me about that
And he was so ashamed and humiliated
He left the goddamn town
And that's for you kids listening
And my kids I mean 30 and below
Here's how you fort that
If you're a high school
Masterbader
In high school you're masturbating
Don't let people catch you
Be in the bay window of your house
And you should be jerking off
And dare them to come up in your lawn
It's a different steeple chase
But the crazy thing is
That kid, because there was no internet yet
That kid could look in your drapes
See you jerking off
And then convincingly tell the locker room
He was jerking off and then you'd have to change schools
This isn't about changing times
This is about our attitude
About sex
And self exploration
Because like how bad it's always been
And hasn't really changed
Even though nowadays a kid could look in your drapes
And see you jerking off
But the difference is
If he didn't have his camera
It'd be your word against his
And it wouldn't matter
It's really about the cringe value
Of how you look when you jerk off now
Because now the kids know everyone jerks off
But how vulnerable you are
Which is the same thing
You know what I mean?
The things that you're talking about now
We're around at a time where now
There are kids in that age group
Who now are adults
And have children
And they probably socialize them differently
And sometimes they bet you're fucking the kid up
By trying to be responsible
Like who wants your dad sitting on the foot of your bed
Talking about your dick
It could be the 40% of the time
When you think you're doing it right
Who's dad it is?
Chris Pratt's dad
I'm just saying
You don't know you could have the best of intentions
You could have
Because we don't have
We know everything about beastings
That you should know by now
Until we invent a way to treat beastings better
We don't know anything about
Kids going through puberty
And like starting to feel
How they feel and blah blah blah
We put it off
And it's not even just
Even though we feel like in America
It's the species
It's the whole fucking species
We don't just go
By the way, there's a thing in your butt
And there's a thing in your balls
No one wants to talk to kids about this shit
When do you talk to them?
You're seven years old
Before you care about it
Let's talk about your butt and your balls
And your dick and your nipples
What are you talking about? Spiderman
But then a year later that kid could be like
I'm gonna go fucking insane
Because no one understands what I'm going through
Because my nipples feel weird
Fucking, what a lost species
Do women shame each other about masturbation?
Is that a girl thing?
Church?
I've never heard a story of
Women walking in on another girl
Masturbating in high school and that being a giant bummer
Is that just a guy thing?
You did it together
Yeah, they learned, I mean I hear a lot of
Stories about girls like more
Like this kissing and stuff
But I'm not gonna
Spokesman that, but I do feel like
But I've also heard stories about
Dudes talking about jerking off
And then one kid in the group of friends
Will be like, yeah, jerk off, it's the best
And then that'll just be the story of how
That kid changed
That community
They're like, oh, but you're cool
And he's like, yeah, and I fucking jerk it off all the time
So do all of you, bye
And everyone's like, he's right
I've heard those stories, it's kind of like
If word got out in
My high school that
Anybody, any of the
Guys that got outed for
Wearing women's underwear, that guy would
Have been run out of town
But there was one guy who was a badass
And his dad was like in the mafia
And there's people like, hey man
Apparently you wear like women's panties
Like silky little like
Thong panties, he goes, yeah, they're really comfortable
And everyone's like, oh shit
Like
If he backed off on that
That he would have been tortured
But he goes, yeah, why don't you
Yeah, I've heard a couple of those stories
They're called taste makers
They're called the
And I don't know if
It's like we want to talk about
How girls are different from boys
But also it's like
If you were high in high school, did it
Me and these ads, we would have been really punished
For it, but you and I as adults
We like
To wear the soft undies
Yeah, we like soft undies
I'm hungry, I'm starving
I missed dinner, yeah
Do you wish the podcast was over so you could go eat?
No, I wish I brought something to eat
What would you have brought if you had planned ahead?
Chiyo
Psst
We all know the answer to that question
Now as a vegan now
How do you get your nachos?
You do the vegan nachos?
But I don't do
I do vegan cheese
It's not the same
Vegan cheese is kind of a drag
It's getting better
Everything's getting better
Beyond burgers
Are fantastic
I don't melt
Vegan cheese
It just doesn't taste as good
But
I still love it
Eat that shit
I went and had a chat with Kevin Smith
Who is basically vegan now
Because he just had his first heart attack
I don't want to
I'm not scheduling more heart attacks
Didn't he almost like
Yeah, he almost died
He had a huge total
We didn't talk about that that much
Because I figured he's been talking about that forever on his podcast
But
He's two years older than me
And he
So he was never a heavy drinker
But now
He's like
He's just gonna go vegan
And it has nothing to do with him caring about animals
He's just like
They told me I have to
It's like all this meat and stuff
And then he's like
Yeah, then my friends are like
Now that you had a heart attack
You're gonna be this kind of person
And he's like, no, I'm just
I ate meat for 47 years
It was a good run
Now I'm gonna go vegan
Because of this thing happening
Oh, so you almost died
Because you weren't doing something
So all of a sudden you're gonna start doing it now
You were thrown 80 feet from a car wreck
And you're gonna start wearing your seat belt
All of a sudden
It's like a really weird
People love to put people down
I'm sure there's not a single person we could pull up
That they're like, yeah, that was me
I was Kevin Smith's friend
I'm sure he was just kind of collectively
That would be true
Kevin Smith still has all these friends that just bully him
That would be like
Amazing
I wonder what that's like
That guy's a big Rob Schwab fan
I'll tell you that
Talk to Kevin Smith about Rob Schwab
He's been very nice
Nice to me
Did you talk about Robot Bastard?
No
I was like, can we move on?
And he was like
What's it like working with Schwab?
I'm like, I don't know
Like, I don't know
Dumb?
No, come on, it can't be that dumb
I'm like, prove it
And he's like, prove what?
I'm like, fuck you
What do you want to do with Kevin Smith?
It sounds like you could collaborate
Hang out with him instead of Dan
No
That's on the table
That's so weak
Every time I see Kevin
He's very, very nice
He's actually a big reason why
I did the last
Fourishes of Skud
Somebody sent me, oh, Kevin's talking to you on
On the forum
Remember forums?
He's talking to you about you on the forum
And he just wrote like
You know, I love Skud
And Schwab never wants to finish the
Book, it's okay
I just, you know
I just respect him, I think he's good
And whatever
I got the whole shebang right here
Did you buy that somewhere? Is this a new release, Schwab?
It's a
New edition of the whole shebang
Which came out in 2008
This is the fourth reprint of it
And it's got a new cover
It's got the whole, it's hefty
Like the OED or the like
Yeah, it's like over 800 pages
I'm hoping I can do a Kickstarter
This year for the 25th anniversary
To maybe do, I don't know
I'm going to regret saying this
But a color version of the whole book
I think Skuds, I'm not talking
Shit about comic books, I just never got into them
But I think Skuds are the only
Comic books I've read like cover to cover
Oh, thank you
Because I know you gave them to me
But they're so well drawn
Well, thanks
How do you do it?
I don't anymore, I don't do anything
One issue a month
Like, we would all hang out
And we'd smoke weed
And drink and do whatever we were doing
But then every once in a while
Schwab would be like
How am I going to go work?
Like, what are you working on?
I'm working on a thing
Like he didn't want to open it up to us
And talk it out and invite
Like all of that
Maelstrom, so he was like
For at least a month
Probably several months
Maybe like a month and a half
But like going home and like Bob Cratchit
Like fingerless gloves under your kitchen table
You're like drawing a page of a comic book
And you weren't, it wasn't like running around
Telling everybody, I'm going to do a comic book
And it's going to be about this and that
Never said anything about it
Just would go home
Every night and work on it
And then one day
Unveiled that he, well the rest of us
Had been not
Understanding our prostates
That he had made this
Comic book on his kitchen table
Very interesting
Interesting behavior
Delayed gratification, they call it
I guess
Yeah, I got it
Yeah
So what would it be like
If Kevin Smith had friends
That were like making fun of him all the time
I don't know
I thought you were asking
Was I?
Let's check into a Spencer
Thank you
What do you think it would be like?
I think it would be a little something like this
Hey, stop leaving me alone
I already gave you a copy of Tusk
Like that
How's living with
Kali Kazoo going?
She's pretty cool
She's playing Stardew Valley right now
We're both playing Stardew Valley
Stardew Valley
Is what?
It's a video game
A video game
What platform are you playing on?
On the Switch, it's great
Are you both playing on the Switch?
Yeah, she has one too, we both have them
And Switch is jargon
You mean a Nintendo
It's a kind of game boy
Nintendo operating
Man, you're playing on the Switch
You're playing them
You're playing them games on the Switch
Can you play that game multiplayer?
Can she go to your farm?
Can you go to her farm and switch on the game?
Can you play on the game with the farm?
I don't think so
Can you go Switch?
No
You guys are living in the same room
Do you have to be in the same room to Switch?
Look how mad Dan is right now
Switch, man
I'm gonna get me some nuke
I'm gonna go to my dealer and get me some nuke
Gonna shoot that thing right into my ear
You liked video games at one point?
Yeah, I still do
What do you like?
I like Pepper 2
It's a good game
I also like Squisham Sam
You're making shit up
You're making fun of video games
Squisham Sam
I like Minor 2049er
That's an old game
from the Commodore 64
So you didn't specify that
You didn't...
Do you like video games?
Here's three
Those are the video games that I wanted you to play
Alright Rob
Desert Island, you get to pick between
I would play the Desert Island game
You know
You didn't hear me out
You get one old school
one old school 80s video game
You have to choose between one of these two
Desert Island for the rest of your life
or until you get rescued
Burger Time or Elevator Action
That's easy
Come on, man
Elevator Action
Oh my god
Harmon?
I don't know what you guys are talking about
I've gotta be honest
You never played Burger Time?
That's a shit game
Spencer, did you play Burger Time?
It was in one of your raps
I was making fun of it
Kevin Smith was a fan
of the Mama Rap
We sent him the album
That's a pretty cold rhyme
but your mama plays Burger Time
eating up the pickles with a little squeeze of lime
I'm a craftsman, I don't
I don't think pickles would need lime
Your mama gets none
She's kind of like a steak
cause she's always getting done rare
Over there, she put Elevator Action
and they made her take the stairs
Is this anything you really denigrate your mom?
I can name maybe three
Supreme Court justices
I know all the words to the Mama Rap
The Mama Rap
is that trackable
or can you find that?
Oh yeah, I'm sure it's on YouTube
I hope it's everywhere
Did we talk
last week
did we talk about Nunberg
and this isn't a political thing
This is entertainment
Did we talk about Nunberg?
That video that you posted
Yeah, just anybody that's listening
Wait, was I here last week?
Just Google Nunberg
Sam Nunberg, he's
the best
He really is like the
We thought we peaked at
at the mooch
but this guy fucking out mooch
the mooch by just being
a complete fucking
It was kind of fun, like it was the very definition
of a rodeo clown
You smell like booze
He just came drunk
to tell Robert Mueller to go fuck himself
on every
liberal news platform
It's such a great, like Martin Shorty
used to do that Nathan Thurm guy
whatever you asked him, he was just like
No, I didn't
I had this affidavit
That's stupid
Don't you think it's stupid?
I think it's stupid
Oh my god
Yeah, but that was, I mean it's a different character
because the thing about
Nunberg is, he's like the
he's like the
Cupid version of that
like what do you call it, a cherub
version of Martin Shorty's
Nathan Thurm
So the sweat hasn't
gathered in his lip yet, he's just like
a flying baby who just
flitted through and he just had a little
quiver and it's just like
I think you should be in love
Roger Stone's my father, he's like a father figure to me
and he just like, he didn't know
of anything that didn't taste like marshmallows
until that day
What was the end result with him?
He testified
He went in and he was
He said, I'm not gonna go in and somebody said
you're gonna go to jail
Yeah, it's just rule of law
and so he went in and
and then he came out and he was like, you know what
it's not that bad
I think that's how it ended
I think he's like, yeah, it's alright
that's fine
He just needed a little extra
You know, a little baby
He goes in for a haircut, you need to like give him a dinosaur to chew on
You know, he just needed a little extra from us
I think he got drunk
and then he was like
I'm gonna be famous
I'm gonna be like that girl
who caught cash meat outside
This is gonna be great
Or like the lady who wouldn't make the cake for the gays
or whatever, but like
I think he brought into the
like, I think he got
swallowed up in the
weird gel that they used
to douse the hillbillies
like he started getting high on that supply
and being like, well, wait, this
this subpoena is bullshit
Hillary didn't do a subpoena
and meanwhile everybody's going like, yeah, well we all
like, yeah, it's one thing
you can't do what you're doing
and then you're like watching him go
oh, I guess I have to go do it
I have to go to eat broccoli
He got high on the gel
Thanks, Spencer
He looked like
You're gonna get high on the gel when you're sweet
Callie
I'm in my room with my cat
I'm gonna go switch on that gel
How about you?
Why don't you
Why don't you come back?
Why don't you text me back?
Give me some emojis, motherfucker
I want to get
I want to switch out, motherfucker
Come on, motherfucker, let's get high on that gel, motherfucker
We got to pay rent
What are we gonna fucking do, man?
We got no money
We got to sell some of them
We got to sell some of this furniture
We got to sell
We got to sell some of this
Motherfucker, we got to
Motherfucker, we got to sell some of this
Seafoam couch
Okay, now he's incorporating her
Can we get
Can we sell some of these
Cushions at least, not the whole couch
But just a couple of cushions
There's four more
Cushions
That's what happens
That happened yesterday
I never watched an episode of Mary Hartman
Mary Hartman
Am I missing out?
Am I missing out? I mean, like, I keep
It keeps coming back
Is anybody, I mean, seriously
Be serious
Has anyone on the stage
Watched an episode of Mary Hartman
Mary Hartman
I saw all of them when I was a kid
Okay, stand corrected
Tell me the premise of the story
She gets bit by a radio act of what?
I was a kid
She just seemed
Out of touch
And very
It's sort of unhappy, but trying to put a happy face
On stuff
And they shot it like a soap opera
It was on every day
It was offered to the same buffet as the soap opera
So you were getting guiding light
I remember being a late night thing
In New York it was maybe syndication
It was probably
No, 12, they couldn't put it on before
It had to go on at midnight
It was probably the Muppet Show where they sold it syndicated
Right, but I was always told
It was like, oh, that's going to risqu
It's going to risqu or whatever
What's the deal? She's just like
It's because people that
Consider themselves above a soap opera
Wrote a soap opera
So it was meta
It was like, I'm a soap opera
Meet Mupp
You're a piece of shit for watching me
Wasn't Fernwood tonight
Just been off of that
And in the show
She doesn't hear well
You're saying that's why it's called
Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman
Because you have to say everything twice
Yeah
Well, let's go to the weather
Section of our podcast
It's been raining
Tonight
Weather
It's partly cloudy
Always
Absolutely no circumstances
It's a lot of rain, man
Lot of rain
Man
Listen, you hippies
You scumbags
You zipperheads
You squeeze squads, you chuds
It's going to be a rain
That's going to wash it all away
And I'm going to be that rain
You zipperheads
You tranks
Are you doing the dude from Warriors?
With a scholarship
Back to the future, too
I'm doing a little taxi driver
Back to the future
Who's the dude?
Can you dig it, suckers?
Silas
Silas from Warriors
I knew that you could
Yeah
Can you dig it?
All right
We remember Patton Oswell
Tweeted to Obama
Saying, come on, please, just once
Say it
Can you dig it?
Just say once, just once
You know we said it in private
I should go out and blow these people's minds
I'd like them to go, come on, man
That was the best
Can you dig it?
I wanted to
Yeah, I mean, I don't know
I don't have any Zardos quotes
I'm trying to think
The penis is mightier than
The gun
The sword
Spencer, did you have a...
The gun is good, the penis is evil
Spencer, did you have a butt stuff story?
Oh, yeah
It felt like no pun intended you were sitting on one
I had a funnel
and some golf balls
That's most of the story
No
Um
No, I don't have a singular
butt stuff story
What about like an average one?
Average butt stuff story
Taking a shower
Put some stuff in your butt
Some fingers
You know
Seriously at all
This is serious
No, it was worth a shot
We've told the story on the show before
about you flying too close
to the sun with your bathtub, right?
Yeah, I put my butt up against the nozzle
of my bathtub
You have like a jacuzzi, like a spa
Like a water jet
What's the melted wax wings
of flying too close to the sun?
You get air bubbles in your bloodstream
You get flooded
with water
Oh, like scrub
Yeah, I just immediately
had this sensation
It was a reverse pooping
Were your eyes brighter after?
You texted me immediately
and said
Jeff, I took a bubble bath
You have been reporting to me daily
about how you found out that you could
jerk off in your bathtub
by kneeling down in front of the side
nozzle and putting
jacuzzi water up your butt while you jerked off
You're like, it's the best
And then you texted me one day and said, Jeff
I flew too close to the sun
and I inflated myself like a water balloon
Yeah
Yeah, and I had to get out of the now empty bathtub
and run
over to the toilet and sat down on it and then
just like this sound
It sounded like you just bought a bucket
from Home Depot and just poured it
It just sounded like that
But I was like, wow, I was like, I gave myself
Yeah, I've told that story
Yes, I have told that story
I'm famously forthcoming
And
Backcoming
Good one, sir
Jeff, you told me a story once
Is this true?
You didn't know what I mean
Jeff told me a story
once long ago that he says one time
I shit so bad
that I passed out
and I
hit my head on the sink
and then cut my head open
Is this true?
It looked like somebody murdered
It was the day after Christmas
So Boxing Day
Red Nose Day
And I was at my grandma's house
and I had eaten a lot of Christmas
turkey before I was a vegetarian
so I'm a pre-toe turkey dish
I was probably 22-ish
22 shits
I remember waking up
like
panting
and I was like, it was cold where I was laying
and I opened my eyes
and all I see is floor
wall and door
and I look up and there's blood
everywhere
like all over the mirror, the sink, the thing
and I apparently had either
peed or pooed
and I was sitting down and got up
painted and smashed my face
into the edge of the sink
and then flew to the other side of the bathroom
and landed there and only woke up
and my grandma said, Jeff, the phone is for you
and I look up and I still have a scar
across my nose and it's one
of the two reasons my nose goes a little bit that way
but yeah, I fucked myself up
How do you know it wasn't
aliens?
Is the second reason your nose always
goes that way?
I fucking punched you
The guy punched me at a Knit Cave
Oh, that's the, wow
That's the reason why it goes a little bit more of the same way
Oh yeah, that was recent
But I
This is controversial, remember I talked about
the woman Alice Flaherty, the great neurologist
who kind of reads you like an MRI
She walked by me and I was saying
I was telling this other actress and this pilot
we were doing based on this
neurologist from Harvard's life
and I said, I was telling
the story about, I passed out and I broke my nose
and she walked by and she goes
What? You passed out? When?
When? How old were you?
I said I was 22 and she goes
Had you just peed?
I said, yeah
and she goes, oh good
and she walked away
I knew you were a Pisces
You know
I fucked myself up man
I had a cut across my ear
my cheek, my nose and the other cheek
I went just wham
and you went into the bathroom
closed the door, locked it hopefully
shit so hard
that you passed out
and cut your face open
I stood up too quickly
I faint from time to time, my dad faints
my brother faints, we're tall, we're skinny
we get up and if we've just
eaten a lot or whatever
if we stand up too quickly
My dad, remember, fainted at channel 101
and I was all worried that my dad had a heart attack
the paramedic came
in a load chair, do you normally stay up this late?
Did you just eat a lot? Yeah
and did you stand up quickly? Yeah, you're fine
get the fuck out of here
I faint from time to time
if I'm on low blood sugar
and stand up too quickly
So
everybody else in the Thanksgiving
family setting
goes, oh goodbye
I'm gonna go take a shit, okay goodbye
and then you leave
and then like phone rings
and you're back on the door
hey, the phone's for you, you come in
come out, covered in blood
and they went, huh
it was just me and my grandma
I had gone from the
it could only be one person
reacting to this
but she was like, Jeff, your phone's for you
and that's when I woke up and I see blood everywhere
and I go, tell them I'll call
find out who it is, I'll call them back
and I looked up and my face is just
covered in blood
it was a complete crime scene
were you still bleeding?
oh yeah, I was still pouring blood
out of my cuts
so did you like go to the hospital
to get stitches?
I probably should have, I think I either glued it
probably glued it
like a skateboarder trick
hmm, Vietnam
hockey trick, yeah
it's a Vietnam trick
but then I like, I got one of those
little small like
band-aids, the little ones
the boxers got in a fight
yeah, like Bugs Bunny
and I had that across my nose
I've never been a tough looking guy
but if you walk into a bar
even at 22, when I weighed
like 170 pounds
with the one across your nose
and a big shiner
people wouldn't even make eye contact
with me, I think I looked tougher
because like
like Bugs Bunny
I'd be like, well he's vulnerable
when I was in high school
me and my friends used to like sword fight
with PVC pipes and one time
we had a tremendous
parry that blew up both of our pipes
and one of the shards
of PVC sliced into my face
and caused this like vertical
scar
going from my eye, like down
my cheek and like
like you see in cartoons and stuff
it had those little cross cut things
along it for whatever reason
and so like when I went to school
people were like, that's crazy, how'd you get in?
and I was like, oh I was in a fight
and then people thought I was a total bad ass
did you get stitches for that?
no, no, that was so weird
because I assume it was stitches but it's like
it just like naturally formed that in the scar
they got those little butterfly band-aids that are great
like I've cut myself pretty bad
and there's ones that you like stretch them out
and they pull it back together
it's almost like a stitch
what do those have like extra
I don't care about those
well I have nothing else to talk about
you hate stories about cut fingers
no, well I'm sure but you guys weren't
telling those, that's fine
you guys were doing great
Schrab made
Kiss Me on Monday
you know drinking coffee is a lot of fun
but you know it's not drinking fun
drinking coffee out of a mug that's not made by Rob Schrab
you made these Rob?
yes
yeah, that's for you
I brought them in for you
Church, you have your new coffee mug at home
kiss me on Monday
Rob Schrab original
where do you get it Rob?
you get it at my tea public store
go to tea public
and use the honey add-on
to try and find a coupon code for it
I saw that a guy commented on your
one of your things and he said
will there be any Cheapy Peepy t-shirts
applied to him
why would I make fake merch a piece of shit
like
yeah
why would I?
what you're trying to say to that kid is you're not Cheapy Peepy
and you don't know what he's talking about
well we know that I'm not so why
why would this be a surprise to you
and why would you
why wouldn't I react
why would it be fake merch?
because I'm not
that word
does that make the merch fake?
I
am not that word
but the merch is real regardless of what you are
then make all the merch you want
I'm not that word
are you enjoying the ipad pro
seems like you might want it
I'm going through a bad time
I want to draw
but I can't do
I can't force myself
so the ipad pro isn't something you're using right now
I'm trying
I just kind of lay around
and do nothing
you still have Dan's ipad pro
yeah I'll give it back
I mean
I'll give it back
are you still testing it out?
yeah
kind of
I'll give it back
I just did this whole
drama
this whole like
dragging me through
this fucking mud
and making this shame
every time I open it and look at it
I just hear
you probably should return it
I feel bad about myself
I can't even look you in the eyes
so now you've
talked about dragging people into the mud
so now you're
implying to me
that I've inhibited your creative throughput
no no no
I was there long before
you got about
you didn't help it
but
you aren't responsible
so you don't like the ipad pro
I don't like
he doesn't like the person who gave it to him
I'm having a hard time with everything right now
I don't like my laptop
I don't like
my Apple TV
you know whatever
I'm just
I could talk more about this off
mic
I'm not
I'll give it back
why would I
why would I make
a chibi
peepee anything
I'm not saying you would make it
I'm saying it wouldn't be fake merch
yes it would
you would have made a real piece of merch
that says the worst Cheapy Peepy
in that sentence
I wouldn't have done that
so don't say you
it would have been fake because I didn't do it
we're too
in the hypothetical situation
where you did this you wouldn't have done it
I did though
I'm not going to
this is totally theoretical hypothetical
what if
if I came from
like a twilight zone
figure from outer space
Schrab if you make
Cheapy Peepy merchandise
you'll get 10 million dollars
I don't want 10 million dollars
saying
something that is absolutely
hurtful
wrong
false shitty
why would I want to celebrate
him making
front of me
why would I want to put a spotlight on that
why would I want to
why would I
want to
but not for 10 million dollars
you wouldn't do it
I'm not a hooker dude
I'm not going to just
hold on to your principles
hold on to my principles
alright
not a hooker dude
that makes sense
why I would hurt you
I could make 10 million dollars
all I have to do is not have any self esteem
there there
sounds like a good trade off
I'm the one that's got to
look at me in the mirror in the morning
every morning
I got to live with me the rest of my life
might as well cash in on
shit
30 million dollars
what am I going to spend 30 million dollars
you could use 100 million dollars
to make other people less cheap
you could create institutions
where you could teach kids to have
cool attitude about money
I'm not cheap
anyway
alright
how's your fucking free coffee mug ass dick
oh boy
ass dick
how's your free coffee mug ass dick
there's going to be a set of mugs
that should be a t-shirt
as how's your free coffee mug ass dick
yeah it's funny it was not on a mug
it's a better bumper sticker or t-shirt
that's not how coffee mugs used to be
coffee mugs used to have to have
like a more banal
amount of
like invective to them
like a weekly for the weekend
but what you're really thinking is fuck this job
but like ranking dads
well
yeah I've never seen a number
two dad
worlds
second best father
those mugs get hidden
they're in the back
they get pushed to the back
behind the generic mugs
you ever go through a phase
where you're like you love your grandma right
and then like
you look back on it and go like oh yeah
there's kind of a
planets lined up and I was kind of like
I wrote a letter to my grandma
I was like you're a super grandma
and then like the next year it was like
all the previous years so it was like
grandma must have been like oh cool
this moment has arrived now these grandkids
are paying off let's put this on the fridge
better leave some space for the next year
I think he's just like fuck this
this is a hard super grandma
what the fuck am I talking about
how do I even know I got one grandma
I try to call her
I know she's the shittiest one
I try to call her like
every other week or something
you try to call your grandma every other week
Jesus
or she'll call me
she'll call me like at 11.30 at night
and she just wants to talk
I feel like nobody ever you're high-roading me
you don't give a fuck about your grandma
my grandma calls you
she's the only grandparent I have left
do you have any ex-grandparents
yeah I got
I'm not high-roading I'm just saying
alright
have you ever done
I never
I don't know if you saw this
when you said I called my grandmother
I talked to her once every other week
Dan instantly just crossed his arms
instantly crossed his arms
I wasn't yelling at him he goes
he said have you ever done
have you ever
done your grandma
right or whatever
and I answered and I go
and you go
you answered my question high-roading me
whatever
I got some
grandparents that are alive
yes let's call you want to jump in here
for the love of Christ if you ever do anything for me
yeah I got so many
I got all sets of grandparents
our relationships are great they all call
me regularly and I don't have to
maintain the relationships it's just so easy
you're doing exactly what they're
they give me gifts that I appreciate
and not off-color
I've never had a meal by them
that tasted stale and disgusting
are you guys jumping into
a grandma loving barge
do you have grandparents around?
yeah my grandmother is 95
I still as vibrant as she ever was
and loves to cook and do some stuff
are you close? does she live nearby?
no she lives in Arkansas
and I
she can't see as well right now
but you could talk to her on the phone right?
I'll talk to her on the phone
yeah absolutely
that's what they're for
it must be real fucking nice
will you please help me out
what am I...
get him
he needs you to hate your grandma
someone like back me up
this is gross
it's so upsetting to hear normal family stories
oh so you were lying Spencer
oh yeah
I was giving
an account of something that would be
impossible by most understandings
he was algorithmically mocking
your relationships with your grandmothers
oh that's cool
yeah
I didn't know you were doing that
I'm sorry
that must be real hard
you must have to have one of your schedule calls
to talk about it
you're fucking low-roading
why don't you go take advantage
of your normal social or safety network
it's great
thank you
Jesus Christ
there's nothing safe about loving someone
my grandpa's dead
it's great
minds are too
it's great right
you're in sixth grade fourth grade
all of a sudden all the other guys
they're all talking about showers
oh they love showering
I can't believe it
you can't get enough water
dude I take three showers a day
I take 90 showers a day
how did this happen overnight
we used to like being dirty
what happened here
why is this the new metric for how to be normal
I can't believe how many showers I take
look obviously if it's
an unconscious mechanism
if you just love showering
then fine
if you love your parents
if you love emotional
connections with people
then good for you
we're like figuring
we finally figured out
we're taking showers and then all of a sudden
it's relations with your grandparents
that everyone's talking about
we're just figuring out soap and conditioner
now it's grandparents
just in time for the grandparents to die
by the way
one mitigating factor
is that you had a grandma that may have murdered two people
that was my great grandma
that was my grandma's mom
well bring her around
it doesn't matter
did she ever convicted of murder
or was that just
only in hell
here's what all family is now
all family is just
bare traps
spread across social media
that you never know which one you're gonna snap off
hey
who's listening
I don't
there is no
then you meet Cody's family
they love each other
they got a background together
I don't know how
isn't there supposed to be some kind of foundation
am I the monster
am I the Hannibal Lecter
that's like oh how come family can't be eating
with fava beans
am I the one
because they're not calorically valuable
I know
I know who will tell you
the answer is yes
my family
I'm sure they'd be like oh yeah
he's a weird one that one
what am I gonna take their word for it
but bones doesn't talk to your parents either
bones don't talk to nobody
bones don't need to talk to nobody
bones talking to nobody
never
his brother gave himself a nickname
he don't talk to me
I don't talk to him
bones don't talk to nobody
nobody in my family would be talking to nobody
and like everybody's like
but then every once in a while somebody will have
a fucking coronary and then somebody will send
a facebook message to somebody going like
yeah
good to see you Grimm, Pappy, Pappy, Smaps
funeral psych
I know you weren't there
like father, like son, huh
like what are you taking
swipes at my fucking legacy for
I don't know you
I'll fucking turn my feelings off
I'll get a light and I'll fucking
get you
if the legends of me are true
then don't fuck with me
what are the legends
then I have no feelings
alright fuck you, fuck all of you
here's the thing, put stuff in your butt tonight
let's call bones right now
let's put them on
a new segment called bones phone
phone bone, ET phone bones
are you gonna do ET phone bones
let's get
let's get, we gotta get Levy up here
we gotta play D&D
there's no time
it's time for Levy
but what's the time Levy gets up here
Levy get up here
oh
Steve Levy
he's my favorite Levy
Levy we're working on this
yeah I have it
where are you lifting
in a garage
sometimes in a gym
other times in a garage
where are you lifting
there's one in Noho
that I go to
I don't know the name of it
you don't know the name of it
do you do that crossfit stuff
I used to do crossfit
I'm easing back here
I'm doing weights right now
it's high intensity
multiple really fast
it's close to like NFL combine
yeah so just a bunch of different things
high intensity
it's like NFL combine
you do like 30 burpees
and then you go jump through things
it's like circuit training
you do a bunch of different things
can I do a little business before I forget
I want to plug
this thing that star burns audio is doing
what used to be frail is no star burns audio
and there's a thing that's happening called
like these tapes are coming out
you know about this
yeah
so real quick
a bunch of cool shits coming out
and for 20 bucks a month
it's like the VIP level thing
it comes with an actual old school Walkman
and you get exclusive content
and extra tracks 13 bucks a month
you just get a tape of the month kind of thing
if you go to
d.rip
forward slash sbi-press
dot com all over a case
you get monthly tapes
there's Johnny Pemberton's prank call tape
Ron Lynch double tape which sounds amazing
you have to play two tapes at once
and he's a fucking lunatic and I love him
you get Dino Stamatopoulos's music
sorry about everything
there's also a tape of Dan Harmon's
all the Dan Harmon.wn raps are going to be on tape
so if you like the Harmontown thing
I'm doing a thing called the Jeff Davis library
there's a million other things
Neil Hamburger a bunch of motherfuckers
tape sound effect
so go to
sbi-press
they have a facebook page and check it out
and Simon already is the man
that's in charge of that and he's a bad motherfucker
so dig it
or check out the ad that we'll play at the end of the episode
are we doing one? probably
I love it
it'll be great
if what was that then
I don't know
I have no idea what that just was
it sounded like
an ad
it did yeah
have you ever had suicidal ideations
Spencer? oh yeah
more in high school what do you mean by ideations
like thinking about it how'd you do it
ideas
oh god
no no no god ideations
what is it if I said
thinking about it
instead of ideas
because guess what
if your language is practical
you could just go
uh when you like something
uh uh when you don't
pedampion yeah
you're gonna need new ones so ideations
means not just ideas
because ideas could mean oh I came up with an idea
of how to kill myself
ideation like are you having
suicidal thoughts
why not just say thoughts
I'm old
language janitor I'm Rob Schwab
I'm gonna clean up
6000 years of organic
evolution of language
it's a brother
it's a living thing yeah brother
you ever go to art school
think of it like a little bit
like a jawa or something you draw
it's terrible
what do you draw like an apple
so if I said did you ever have
any suicidal ideas
or thoughts
you wouldn't know what I was talking about
oh god
you would be like
oh no
I have a glaze in your heart
he covered like oh no
I have a glaze
I don't know what you're talking about
but see how much time you
saved by saying it
your way
we've got the answer
from what Spencer said
oh no we don't
because we've been talking
about
this word
there's a million ways to say everything
and I
yeah
but the way that you said was bad
apparently
but you would have known what I meant
and we could have moved on you can say anything
any way you want thank you
thank you for permission
thanks for permitting me
every time we choose a way
to say a word we should stop down
and explore alternate ways
we could have said that phrase or sentence
by the way it's also like a tag
like a kid could type in suicidal ideation
instead of suicidal ideas
if they type in suicidal ideas
they might get half of them schematics
for how to kill yourself
if they type in ideation maybe it takes them to
more crisis lines
I'm gonna test this theory
I'm gonna go home
and I'm gonna type both then
this could be huge for you
blown away by the difference
I'm gonna be just
event one
big bang
blown away by the difference
look I don't want to care about
people anymore either
I have a shit story
hell yeah
tell me more
I think this could be the most
embarrassing thing that's ever happened to me
I was
I was 14 I was in eighth grade
so middle school
not quite high school yet
and my grandparents they lived on Long Island
we had
we were visiting we had like Chinese food
or something
we lived in New Jersey
and it was about hour and change to get back
home
and we had a
Chrysler Town and Country minivan
it's a 2
so you have the 2 front of the seat
driver passenger and then
2 seats behind those
seats and then a bench in the back
I need you guys to understand
a bench what?
like a 3 person
you have to understand the full geography
if this car
drops you off at DeMorge's charter plane
wait I just want you guys to understand
you guys
so
my dad's
that was an option
but we didn't have the wood paneling
my dad was driving my mom was in the passenger seat
my brother who was 2 years younger
than me so he was
12 was
sitting behind my mom was in the passenger seat
my sister is in her car seat so
she's 9 years younger than me so she's like
5 and then I'm behind
my brother in the
in the back seat
big family
in the
in the very back of the minivan
you're 14 years old
if this story culminates
and you diarying
in a fan and we
are supposed to be laughing because we realized
your sister got hit first
we have a right to go we didn't retain
the bird's eyes
but just so you understand
I'm in the very back
my siblings are in the middle
you get a big family
whatever
it's very
it's visceral for me because
it's haunted me
so we're driving
back to New Jersey
from Long Island and my stomach
starts hurting and I'm like oh no
this could be potentially bad
I think I could maybe wait it out but
there's so much traffic
on the cross Bronx and it's like
not great areas driving through
and I'm starting to go like
can we stop
I'm sorry
like northern Jersey Mars County
from
from Long Island
at least eat the mic if you're gonna
do more just New York thoroughfare bullying him
he's like you took the
you took the Bronx from the tunnel at the Lincoln
you know it's like a sad
it's like a sad
but I was a kid I mean I felt like I could
I could
I just felt like I'm gonna have to go to the bathroom
soon
you guys just found after four
what
yeah
so
so we're driving and I'm like okay
I think I might have to go to the bathroom
can we stop somewhere soon
and my dad and my mom are going
look we're stuck in traffic and this is not a great
area to stop anywhere
it's late at night already we don't know
what's gonna be open just try to hold it you'll be fine
I was like okay I'm holding it I'm holding it
we keep going we're getting closer
to like the George Washington bridge which
takes you from New York to New Jersey
and now your siblings they're
tuned in are they merciful are they
they're leaving are they like hey buddy
no no I mean I'm not
yet complaining to the point where it's a problem
I'm just going cleared your throat
at this point yeah I'm voicing
what's happening a little bit just like
hey just a heads up well there was a
conversation though where they said could you hold it
and they knew it wasn't number one they knew it
was number two yeah
I was like look I really got to go
so then you're simply your siblings aren't like
this yeah yeah
in the car yeah I'm not
I'm not I mean it didn't hit that
point it didn't hit like maybe it's a loving
family maybe it's a loving family so
so we're going to get closer to the bridge
and then it starts to really hit me and I'm
like sweating and and I'm like okay
this is I
we have to stop we have to stop
somewhere and we're stuck
in traffic
and we're about to hit the
George Washington bridge and there's
no where to stop and George George
Washington famously I do feel this is
important I don't want to sorkin you
George Washington cannot tell a lie
continue
any cross of some
water he crossed the devil so
I'm I'm like I'm not
going to make it I'm not going to make it
and my my mom's like
everything's gonna be okay you're okay don't
worry I'm so sorry it's gonna be okay
guys like you gotta make it you gotta make
it give us like 10 15 minutes
wait is your mom is there is your mom
saying if you shit your pants it's cool
and your dad's like you can make it
or is there are they no no no right
they're just trying to be a whole line
right yeah my dad's like you
you got it like it's like hold it
you're we're almost over the bridge and we
could stop
yeah I'm
like you could I could
feel it just like ready to burst
like yeah and and my yeah
killing me and I'm rocking I'm sweating
you're crowning I unbuckled
my seat belt there's no crown
it's just and I'm like I'm not
going to make it my mom gives me she
goes she's like here's
a plastic bag just in case
you need to and I was like
what and it's like this it's like
a sandwich smaller
it's like a medium-sized like
Marshall's bag you know that more like
the oh the clothing
like it's a plastic and shirts and stuff
yeah it's got the plastic handles
actually okay so I'm better than
like a ziplock I get this as an option
yeah so I'm like oh no
like I
theoretically and then so I was
so then I put the plastic
bag under me and it was dark
it's night out so I can't see
at this point are they all like
we'll be fucking makes it because this is
gonna be a nightmare no one wants to
everyone's on your team now yeah
your brother wasn't laughing
his ass no he was like Jesus
this is so embarrassing for
oh my what I'm looking for is there's
an older brother earlier who's like
haha you have to shit
no now that brother's like
come on buddy you can do it I'm the
older brother and so I'm like
I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
I can't hold it and everyone's like
no no no and and then it's just like
I pull my pants down and then
I'm like like and then it's just
and then how old are you
I was 14 I was way
too old this is like six months ago
yeah and
this is three months from me moving to LA
and my mom the entire time is going
it's okay it's okay
my brother I
I start shitting and it's the worst
diarrhea noises ever holding your fucking life
and I'm dead just turns up
she seems to have
an invisible touch
she takes control
and salad tears you apart
and my mom's just going it's okay I'm so
sorry this is the worst
I'm sorry we couldn't stop and like
it's just like diarrhea flowing out of me
and the worst noises and I just
remember my brother going oh my god oh my god
and my sister going ew it smells
she's fucking five years old
ew open a window
open a window
well of course open a window
my sister's right
like who thought
seal us in
but it's like freezing winter time
no one cares if George Washington
had been watching
he'd be like open all the windows
so I mean this happens
I felt like an eternity
and then finally the pain but then it's like
you can't sit down
back on that seat also like
nothing to fucking wipe with
there's no napkins nothing
bag full of diarrhea
but for the rest of the life
it was explosive I have no idea
what happened
and there's no spots on the bridge to just pull over
no even just for
your traps and I'm just hovering over and we finally
get over the George Washington bridge
and my dad gets off and he makes a right and we
get to this KFC to
assess the damage and we turn on the lights
and it's just
it's just
I maybe got like
if I was lucky 60% in the bag
and not only that
but
and I
and it was like it was all
it was all over my boxers and everything
I just remember my dad taking the bag out of the car
with my boxers and just
throwing in a dumpster behind KFC
and we just drove home silently
I only just wanted to be at the
Nordstroms that the bag came from
the Marshalls
and we
we get home and my mom is just like
I'm so sorry that happened
she's like why don't you go upstairs
and just clean off and go lie in bed
and she cleaned the back seat
of the car because I missed it so much
in the bag
and it was traumatizing
and my family will never
forget that it happened
but they all laugh at it
everyone's an older brother
so you don't have any older siblings
Jordan's two years younger than me
and my sister's
nine years younger than me
and that's just the three
but so yeah so now
everybody remembers it now it's funny
like it's not like it causes you pain to remember it
except to the place where you transport back
you're like that own that story
it was embarrassing at that time
it's like you know you're trying to like
I can't believe the little brother wasn't fucking dying
no he was just like
if Jeff Schrab was taking a shit in the back seat
I would have been
dying laughing
yeah but not when you started to smell it though
that's his little sister
she's like it stinks
she's like I get it now
there's consequences
and then someone's like
rolled out a window yeah you think
yeah your family
sucks
just kidding I love my grandparents
I call them once a week
I talk to my mom
but also my dad
you know what else are you shitting bags
why didn't
couldn't they just stop dead
on the bridge
no the tunnels there's nowhere to stop
no you stop
but then throw the bag of diarrhea
out into the bridge
that's awful
Henry portrait of a serial killer
you stop on the bridge
and then you get out
and then you shit outside
your upholstered car
with all the cars
slowly passing on
dude I don't think it's legal for me to
diarrhea on the George Washington bridge
imagine the car
is going 10 miles an hour
you're imagining
it's probably going to freeze
it's all stopped
they're not at all stopped
it's a big long bridge and imagine them going like the speed of a
but I feel like there's stops and
starts you know with traffic
if you're stopping at all then you just stop
and be like it's going to take a minute instead
at 10 seconds
I think if there were any other
option than him shitting a bag
in the backseat I think they would have taken that option
I don't think they took it seriously
and that's why the situation unfolded the way it did
I think there are options
on the table that were not fully explored
the options were to pull off in the Bronx
and like try to find a
local
well that you should have done
once you're on the bridge
you tried to make it onto the bridge
you've got our sympathies once you're on the bridge
right don't tell us
you weren't willing to take a shit in the Bronx
or you become the villain
I was willing but it was late
it was like 10 o'clock at night so where do you
they don't know
it could not pull over in the Bronx because judgment night
was still in theaters
Dennis Larry would still
come for you
but no I mean I'm just saying
as much as it might be the case
like a bridge everyone's like I get it
the bridge Spencer
is fascinating me because he's picturing the bridge
in a very nuanced way
the thing about a car in front of you
is it's an impassable obstacle
you can't drive through a car
because it's not obeying traffic laws
you simply have to stop
so if they had to shit that
bad that you stopped your car
in the middle of traffic the cars behind you
would stop
would it instantly cause a car
at any age 14 years old
till now would rather shit in the car
as my family than get out and shit in front of a punch
in New York
I think you're picturing
bumper to bumper
or like stop and start traffic
it's like there's a
medium split there where it's like
it's like a conveyor belt you're not going to
let your kid go out
could you just sit on the edge
of the bridge
and get a newspaper
and just kind of
find a way to
I wasn't that confident
this was my fourth line item
this was a town and country minivan right
sliding door
couldn't you just hang it up
like you're painting the other line
see if we were your family
this would be handled
if your family had been Spencer's
they would have said look
stop the car
the kid goes out takes a shit in the snow
on the side of the George Washington bridge
and people who honk
like the Spencer in the front like goes back
and goes like look the kid is
having diarrhea would you rather
him have it in my car
and then they keep honking and the dad goes
keep honking it won't make his diarrhea
right exactly this is exactly what I expect to be
happening and everyone's fine
and then the kid the good the upside of that is
that the kid gets back in the car and he's like
my dad fucking loves me
I mean it's got my back
either way I was going to diarrhea
it's just how much
how much we're going to put out everybody else
to the car
do we take on that burden ourselves or share it with the rest of the George Washington bridge
New York
Spencer surely you understand
people are shitting everywhere already
New York has a schedule
New York you got
you got the uptown
you got the midtown
and then people are like honk honk honk
and he's like I'm shitting over here
right well that's I'm shitting here
but you guys are here
you guys are referring to a man who
didn't stop
he said I'm walking here
that means I'm getting out of your way here
I'm almost through
you can't say I'm shitting here that means I'm
staying here if Dustin Hoffman's
line in midnight cowboy had been I'm
I'm standing here
that movie would have ended 20 minutes
into it would have been better
well yeah I've
never seen it but I understand it to be pretty boring
isn't it just two guys like
running around doing drugs and sleeping
with people
apparently that was improvised
the car that pulls up was not supposed to be in the shot
and he actually rifted that line
oh wow well that makes it good
he was walking there
but the guy in the backseat of that car was taking a giant poop
is that why you're Diarrhea Jr
in our pathway
I mean could be
not intentionally but yeah that sounds like an origin story
alright well we definitely
then yeah we don't have to play D&D anymore
I was D&D I think
we did the whole podcast
we book ended this Harmontown
with prostate massage and
poop stories all I wanted to talk about was the
prostate thing
I feel like as usual
I found out who my real friends are
I like your hair
and your beard harmonies looking good
you're looking more and more like a combination
of several of the captains on Deadliest Catch
I'm not going to let that
make me trust you
I like the sound of it
you remind me of you
you look like you might go into the
Bering Sea and you know
the Bering Sea gives up its gold
you mean crab Jesus Christ
how many ways are you going to trick me to think
the show isn't boring
fucking A
alright there's more crab coming out
the Bering Sea
gives up its gold
crab you mean say crab
please their language won't you
I don't watch the show
I watch an episode in the hotel
I don't watch a lot of TV hotel TVs
I watched an episode of Wicked Tuna
and one of the boats
they're all from Massachusetts one of the tuna boats
Wicked Pissa
but Jeff you want to promote
you don't want to promote but I want to check out
this like Forge and Fire reality show
Oh yeah
Forge and Fire
and Church and I
I made Church watch some
Forge and Fire is good fun
it's a bunch of dudes that are all clearly
like kind of
spectrumy nerds
who like probably cosplay
or they're not good around people
and they have a Forge and they have to make
historical weapons and it's great
it's a testament to our society
that
we are murdering so many people
per minute that
you can now unlike in the
80s when
Dungeons and Dragons was of concern to parents
because it simulated the idea of
edged weapons
you can now have a reality show on TLC
or whatever it's like yes
this axe which I recommend
you kids at home try making
because
you'll only be able to kill one person
per police taser
it's like chops the show is like chops
but hilariously the name chops
was already taken so they can't go
sorry like one of your blades
is not up to snuff you've been
chopped that would be perfect but they've already
took that for a cooking show so they go your blade
did not make the cuts but the whole point
anyone wants to be on that show is Doug
Makeda the Asian
martial artist edged weapon master
will do a kill
test on a ballistics demi with fake ribs
and blue gel organs
he'll just take a viking
battle axe and
kill a fake person and it's
chop a hog in half and they go your blade
will kill
that's the
that's the you're fired of
your blade
will kill
and you actually want to hear it
because
God I mean we would love right now
for our entire society
to be just like if we could
right now in exchange for everything else
we would give every child at birth
a double headed battle axe
cliffhanger
thank you for coming everybody
or just you can come you just fucking sat there we have no audience
let's give it up for Steve Levy
DeMorge Brown
Rob Schwab
Spencer Crittenden
also as always
Church Chris Sarah Noah
Zach Kevin
Spencer Crittenden your game master
that we didn't even play game with but he just
lends a mastery to everything that we do
check your past date
and send us prostate
stories everybody
go put something up your butt tonight
and if you love somebody
write up in there and rub it around
and uh
you just want more data
go to harmontown.com
slash butt fun and funnish stories
I'm your comptroller Jeff Davis
your mayor Dan Harmon thank you everybody
for coming and watching
drive fast take chances
water based lubricant
put it in your booty
put it in your butt
did you get any of that
it's a good show